Flowmeter
Instructions of deployment
	To obtain a stable and accurate flow measurement, it is very important that the flow sensor is mounted correctly in the pipe system.
	There must be no flow fluctuations.
	Avoid locations where vacuum can occur; especially for flow sensors with PTFE linings.
	Avoid locations with vibrations from for example pumps.
	Avoid locations with extensive temperature changes.
	Avoid corrosive environments and locations with a great risk of condensation, or consult factory for special builds for these locations.
	Take care that condensate and water cannot enter the connector box on the flow sensor.
	There must be sufficient free space around the flow sensor.

COD, BOD, TSS, Ph and TDS
Installation
	Avoid collision when installing the sensor; avoid shaking back and forth during measurement.
	If the water flow in the monitoring area is turbulent, the sensor needs to be fixed; When the sensor is installed and measured, it must be installed horizontally to prevent foreign matter from depositing on the measurement monitoring window, resulting in inaccurate measurement data.
	The measurement area, such as branches and attachments, is easy to jam the cleaning brush shaft and cause the sensor to jam.
	You need to consider choosing a protective cover for protection installation.
	Install the sensor, the depth from the water surface is no more than 2 meters; the sensor is submerged below the water level of 30cm.
	The sensor is installed in an area with slow water flow and no bubbles.
	Distribute the cables before operation.
	When hanging the sensor, avoid the sensor hitting the wall or other water conservancy facilities caused by water flow.
	If the current is very strong, fix the sensor.
	Install the sensor no more than 2 meters from the water surface.
	Taking into account the fluctuation of the water level, the sensor is submerged below the lowest possible water level 30CM.
	The sensor is placed where there are no bubbles in the water.
	Install a cable protection sleeve outside the sensor cable.
	Fix the sensor horizontally.
Installation precautions
	Secure the sensor in safe place, in case of high-water flow fasten the probe to a wall or a pole.
	Consider fluctuation of water level, the sensor needs to be fully submerged in water.
	We recommend 30mm below water surface to keep wiper in wet.
Installation procedure：
	After unpacking of the sensor, install a protective probe cover onto the sensor (4 screws on the cover shall be tightened).
	When the protective cover is installed, please install the adapter.
Installation recommendations:
	Elbow installation is good for environment with no rapid water flow and less debris.
Caution:
	Please install the protective cover correctly.
	Do not hang a sensor with sensor cable.
	Do not cover or install anything in the measurement gap.
Attention:
	The sensor has optical components and electronic components which have more than ten years expected lifetime.
	Ensure to keep that the sensor away from mechanical impact or vibration.
	Force to rotate or obstruct the cleaning brush.
	The large external force will lead to the damage of the motor gear.
	If there are many debris in the water body at the installation point, it is recommended to install a protective net around the sensor or a protective sleeve to prevent debris from enter into sensor optical gap.
	Sensors should not be installed directly opposite the water flow and where there are many bubbles.
Warning:
	Please install the cable protection sleeve properly.
	Otherwise, it is easy to cause cable damage and water inlet during maintenance.
	Do not use the sensor cable to lift the sensor.
	The lifting attachment should not cover the measuring surface.
Maintenance
	Inspect probe body：
		Wash the probe body with tap water, if there is still a clastic residues, using wet soft cloth to wipe, for some stubborn dirt, can add household detergents in tap water to clean.
	Check the cable：
		The cable should not be in any force, tension, or twist.
		It cause the internal wire broken.
	Check the sensor measurement window:
		Carefully inspect probe optical window for potential stains, scratches, or dirty spots.
		Clean the window gently using cotton swabs.
		DO NOT USE ANY SOLVENT.
	Check the sensor wiper:
		Replace the wiper as necessary if see any tear and wear of the blade.
	Recommend to return the probe to factory for wiper O-ring seal replacement after continuous use for 18 months.
	Measuring window:
		Check whether the measuring window is attached to and fouling; use a moist dust-free cloth to wipe the window; if the scale is difficult to wipe, use a dust-free cloth dampened with detergent to clean; or use diluted hydrochloric acid to wipe.
		Be careful not to touch it directly with your hands when using diluted hydrochloric acid.
	Cleaning brush:
		Prevent foreign objects from blocking the rotation stroke of the cleaning brush, and ensure that no foreign objects are blocked at the cleaning rotating shaft; if there are many branches and attachments in the monitoring area, you need to consider selecting a protective cover for protection installation.
		The protective cover can be selected separately by contacting the sales staff of sensor vendor company.
	The outer surface of the sensor: regularly clean the surface attachments, you can use washing liquid to clean
	Automatic cleaning and continuous use for 18 months, need to return to the factory to replace the dynamic sealing device.
	Matters needing attention
		Measurement window:
			Sharp objects cannot be used to scratch the measurement monitoring window; avoid air bubbles adhesion during monitoring and measurement.
		Automatic cleaning brush:
			Do not force the rotating shaft of the cleaning brush.
		Installation attention:
			The sensor is best installed horizontally to avoid foreign matter depositing in the measurement monitoring window; when the foreign matter such as tree branches in the monitoring measurement area is easily blocked to the shaft, a protective cover should be selected for protection installation as much as possible.
		The probe contains sensitive optical components and electronic components.
		Make sure that the probe is not subject to severe mechanical shocks.
		There are no parts inside the probe that need user maintenance.
		The sensor self-cleaning brush has a geared motor inside.
		Under no circumstances should external force be used to rotate the cleaning brush or hinder the cleaning rotation.
		Large external force factors may cause damage to the geared motor.
		After the sensor is fixedly installed, it is better to add a protective net or a protective sleeve to prevent the suspended matter from winding on the brush, because the brush rotates in a full circle, when installing the protective net, reserve space for the brush.
		The sensor installation should avoid the position facing the water flow and more bubbles.
Maintenance methods
	The outer surface of the sensor: clean the outer surface of the sensor with tap water.
	If there are still debris remaining, wipe it with a moist soft cloth.
	For some stubborn dirt, some household washing liquid can be added to the tap water for cleaning.
	Check the cable of the sensor:
	The cable should not be tensioned during normal operation, otherwise the internal wire of the cable will easily break and the sensor will not work normally.
	Check whether the measuring window of the sensor is dirty, whether the cleaning brush rotates normally and whether it is loose.
	Check whether the cleaning brush of the sensor is damaged.
	After continuous use for 18 months, it shall be returned to the factory to replace the dynamic sealing device.
Maintenance schedule
	Although COD sensor is equipped with a self-cleaning brush as standard, bad working conditions will still cause the sensor to be contaminated.
	In order to ensure accurate measurement, cleaning is very important.
	Regular cleaning of the sensor is helpful to the stability of the data.
	It is recommended to clean the sensor every 4-8 weeks.
	Maintain and check the self-cleaning brush - Return to factory for testing and maintenance of self-cleaning brush every 18 months.

Wiper replacement
	Place the sensor horizontally in a secure work bench and rotate the brush to side.
	Use a screwdriver to unscrew the screw.
	Gently pull the wiper out, use tweezer if necessary.
	Align the wiper blade with sensor gap and then insert it into wiper mounting base.
	Tighten the screw, DO NOT OVER TIGHTEN.

Ph Sensor
Maintenance
	During measurement, it shall be cleaned in distilled water (or deionized water) first and drained with filter paper to prevent impurities from being brought into the tested solution.
	The electrode bulb and the liquid volume shall be completely immersed in the tested solution.
	When the electrode is not in use, clean it and insert it into a protective sleeve with 3.3m potassium chloride solution, or insert the electrode into a container with 3.3m potassium chloride solution.
	There is dirt on the glass ball at the top of the electrode, which can be cleaned with 0.1n hydrochloric acid and then intruded into the 3.3mkCL solution for internal activation.
	Do not touch it by hand.
	To ensure the long-term accurate measurement, the electrode should be cleaned, maintained and calibrated regularly.
	The metal electrode will oxidize after being used for a period of time, and the electrode head will become black.
	Fine sandpaper can be used to polish the electrode head and remove the oxidized part, so as to ensure the sensitivity of the electrode measurement.
	Check whether the wiring terminal is dry.
	If it is stained, wipe it with anhydrous alcohol and use it after blow-dry.
	Long-term immersion in distilled water or protein solution should be avoided, and contact with silicone grease should be avoided.
	If the electrode is used for a long time, its glass film may become translucent or with sediment.
	At this time, hydrochloric acid can be used for washing and water flushing.
	It is recommended that users clean the electrode regularly and coordinate with the instrument calibration.
	When you use the above methods to maintain and maintain the electrode, the calibration procedure and normal measurement still cannot be carried out, indicating that the electrode can no longer recover the response, please replace the electrode.

TDS Sensor
Maintenance
	Check the instrument once a year for the best, if the user unconditionally can be sent to our company to help check.
	The maintenance period of the cleaning electrode can be determined according to the cleanliness of the water sample, and the surface inside and outside the electrode should be free of fouling deposition.
	For stainless steel conductance electrode and platinum conductance electrode, if contamination is found, it should be cleaned in time, brushed with 50% warm detergent (or household soap powder) and nylon brush, and then washed inside the electrode with distilled water.
	Ensure no grease deposition on the surface of internal and external electrodes.
	Do not touch the electrode with your fingers; clean the deposit with strong adhesion with 2% dilute hydrochloric acid solution, then wash it with clean water; for platinum black conductance electrode, do not brush the electrode head with brush or other substances, just rinse the electrode head with clean water; keep the cable and plug dry to ensure reliable contact.
	