Product features
Model Number:	FLDBH6605D
Output:	Rs-485,MODBUS/RTU
Measurement Methods:	UV 254 Dual-wavelength ultraviolet absorption method
COD Range:	0～2000mg/L or Customize
COD Accuracy:	±5%F.S.
COD Resolution:	0.1mg/L or 0.01mg/L
BOD Range:	0~500mg/L or Customize
TSS Range:	0～1000mg/L
Repeatability:	±1%F.S.
Working Condition:	0.1～50℃、<0.3MPa
Calibration:	Two points
Response Time:	10s T90
Power Supply:	12 or 24VDC±10%，15mA; 200mA when the brush rotates
Dimensions:	Diameter 48 mm ; Length 186 mm; Optional protection cover
IP Grade:	IP68，10m
Flow Rate:	Less than 3m/s
Life Time:	Sensor 3 years, cleaning brush system 18 months
Cable Length:	5m(default), customizable
Sensor Material:	Titanium alloy, 316L, quartz glass
Maintenance:	Sensor 3 months, cleaning brush 6 months
Parameters:	COD, BOD, turbidity, and temperature

Installation note 
1.	Avoid collision when installing the sensor; avoid shaking back and forth during measurement. 
	If the water flow in the monitoring area is turbulent, the sensor needs to be fixed;
2.	When the sensor is installed and measured, it must be installed horizontally to prevent foreign matter from depositing on the measurement monitoring window, resulting in inaccurate measurement data;
3.	The measurement area, such as branches and attachments, is easy to jam the cleaning brush shaft and cause the sensor to jam. You need to consider choosing a protective cover for protection installation;
4.	Install the sensor, the depth from the water surface is no more than 2 meters; the sensor is submerged below the water level of 30cm; 
5.	The sensor is installed in an area with slow water flow and no bubbles

Wiring connection
1.	Brown - Power supply（12 or 24VDC）
2.	Black — GND
3.	Blue — 485A
4.	White — 485B
5.	Bare wire - shield

Maintenance and precautions
1.	Measuring window: 
	Check whether the measuring window is attached to and fouling; use a moist dust-free cloth to wipe the window; if the scale is difficult to wipe, use a dust-free cloth dampened with detergent to clean; or use diluted hydrochloric acid to wipe. 
	Be careful not to touch it directly with your hands when using diluted hydrochloric acid.
2.	Cleaning brush: 
	Prevent foreign objects from blocking the rotation stroke of the cleaning brush, and ensure that no foreign objects are blocked at the cleaning rotating shaft; if there are many branches and attachments in the monitoring area, you need to consider selecting a protective cover for protection installation. 
	The protective cover can be selected separately by contacting the sales staff of our company.
3.	The outer surface of the sensor: 
	Regularly clean the surface attachments, you can use washing liquid to clean
4.	Automatic cleaning and continuous use for 18 months, need to return to the factory to replace the dynamic sealing device.

Matters needing attention
1.	Measurement window: 
	Sharp objects cannot be used to scratch the measurement monitoring window; avoid air bubbles adhesion during monitoring and measurement.
2.	Automatic cleaning brush: 
	Do not force the rotating shaft of the cleaning brush.
3.	Installation attention: 
	The sensor is best installed horizontally to avoid foreign matter depositing in the measurement monitoring window; when the foreign matter such as tree branches in the monitoring measurement area is easily blocked to the shaft, a protective cover should be selected for protection installation as much as possible.
	
The others
1.	Problem:	The operation interface cannot be connected or the measurement result is not displayed.
	Reason:	The cable wiring method is wrong. The sensor address is incorrect.
	Solution:	Check the wiring connection. Check the address out.
2.	Problem:	The measured value is too high, too low or the value is continuously unstable
	Reason:	Sensor window is attached to foreign objects. Sensor self-cleaning damage.
	Solution:	Clean the surface of the sensor window. Contact after-sales.
