Steps in a waste water management embedded system

1.		Microcontroller Selection
2.		Management of Power Resources
		a.		Serially connecting a smart metre interface to a microcontroller
		b.		Data on load capacity is collected from the sensor.
		c.		Collecting each tenant's assigned load
		d.		Data from the metre is formatted.
		e.		The server's communication
3.		Management of Water Resources
		a.		Sensor for a Digital Flow Meter
				a.	Serially connecting the Flow Meter Sensor to the microcontroller 
				b.	Collecting water capacity data from the sensor 
				c.	Collecting assigned water capacity for each tenant 
				d.	Formatting the data from the Flow Meter Sensor 
				e.	Communication with the server
		b.		Sensor for measuring water level
				a.	Serially connecting the Water Level Sensor to the microcontroller 
				b.	Collecting water level data from the sensor 
				c.	Collecting total water capacity in the source 
				d.	Formatting the data from the Water Level Sensor 
				e.	Communicating with the server
		c.		Sensor for PH
				a.	Serially connecting the Ph Sensor to the microcontroller 
				b.	Collecting Ph level data from the sensor 
				c.	Collecting Ph level data from the water 
				d.	Formatting the data from the Ph Sensor 
				e.	Communication with the server
		d.		Sensor for turbidity
				a.	Serially connecting the Turbidity Sensor to the microcontroller 
				b.	Collecting Turbidity level data from the sensor 
				c.	Collecting Turbidity level of the water 
				d.	Formatting the Turbidity Sensor data 
				e.	Communication with the server
		e.		TDS Sensor
				a.	Serially connecting the TDS Sensor to the microcontroller 
				b.	Collecting TDS level data from the sensor 
				c.	Collecting TDS level data from the water 
				d.	Formatting the data from the TDS Sensor 
				e.	Communication with the server
		f.		Sensors for COD and BOD
				a.	Serially connecting the COD and BOD Sensor interface to the microcontroller 
				b.	Collecting COD and BOD level data from the sensor 
				c.	Collecting COD and BOD level data from the water 
				d.	Formatting the data from the COD and BOD Sensor 
				e.	Communication with the server
		
All of these calculations are based on assumptions. 
Depending on the format of the sensors' output, the predicted hours will fluctuate (endians).
