1.	Connect the 12v power supply to the COD, BOD, and TSS sensor, Red to the power cord (VCC), and Black to GND (GND) of the adapter.
2.  The yellow and white wires should be connected to RS485+ (A or D+) and RS485- (B or D-), respectively.
3.  Connect the RS485+ to D+ (1st) and RS485- to D- (2nd) pin of the Gateway hub.
3.  Use the IP address 192.168.1.254 and the port number 502 to connect.
4.  Configure the settings in the Gateway web address.
5.  Change the Alias name (COD, BOD and TSS) and MODBUS Slave ID (100).
6.  Set the Slave ID, Start Address, and Number of Registers in Python Code.
	Slave ID			:	100
    First Register		:	49729
    Number of Registers	:	10
7.  Installation note 
    1.	Avoid collision when installing the sensor; avoid shaking back and forth during measurement. 
    	If the water flow in the monitoring area is turbulent, the sensor needs to be fixed;
    2.	When the sensor is installed and measured, it must be installed horizontally to prevent foreign matter from depositing on the 
        measurement monitoring window, resulting in inaccurate measurement data;
    3.	The measurement area, such as branches and attachments, is easy to jam the cleaning brush shaft and cause the sensor to jam. 
        You need to consider choosing a protective cover for protection installation;
    4.	Install the sensor, the depth from the water surface is no more than 2 meters; the sensor is submerged below the water level 
        of 30cm; 
    5.	The sensor is installed in an area with slow water flow and no bubbles
8.  Maintenance and precautions
    1.	Measuring window: 
        Check whether the measuring window is attached to and fouling; use a moist dust-free cloth to wipe the window; if the scale is 
        difficult to wipe, use a dust-free cloth dampened with detergent to clean; or use diluted hydrochloric acid to wipe.
        Be careful not to touch it directly with your hands when using diluted hydrochloric acid.
    2.	Cleaning brush: 
        Prevent foreign objects from blocking the rotation stroke of the cleaning brush, and ensure that no foreign objects are blocked 
        at the cleaning rotating shaft; if there are many branches and attachments in the monitoring area, you need to consider 
        selecting a protective cover for protection installation. 
        The protective cover can be selected separately by contacting the sales staff of our company.
    3.	The outer surface of the sensor: 
    	Regularly clean the surface attachments, you can use washing liquid to clean
    4.	Automatic cleaning and continuous use for 18 months, need to return to the factory to replace the dynamic sealing device.
9.	Matters needing attention
    1.	Measurement window: 
        Sharp objects cannot be used to scratch the measurement monitoring window; avoid air bubbles adhesion during monitoring and 
        measurement.
    2.	Automatic cleaning brush: 
        Do not force the rotating shaft of the cleaning brush.
    3.	Installation attention: 
        The sensor is best installed horizontally to avoid foreign matter depositing in the measurement monitoring window; when the 
        foreign matter such as tree branches in the monitoring measurement area is easily blocked to the shaft, a protective cover 
        should be selected for protection installation as much as possible.
10. The others
    1.	Problem:    The operation interface cannot be connected or the measurement result is not displayed.
        Reason:	The cable wiring method is wrong. The sensor address is incorrect.
        Solution:	Check the wiring connection. Check the address out.
    2.	Problem:	The measured value is too high, too low or the value is continuously unstable
    	Reason:	Sensor window is attached to foreign objects. Sensor self-cleaning damage.
        Solution:	Clean the surface of the sensor window. Contact after-sales.

