1.	Connect the 12v power supply to the TDS sensor, Red to the power cord (VCC), and Black to GND (GND) of the adapter.
2.  The yellow and white wires should be connected to RS485+ (A or D+) and RS485- (B or D-), respectively.
3.  Connect the RS485+ to D+ (1st) and RS485- to D- (2nd) pin of the Gateway hub.
3.  Use the IP address 192.168.1.254 and the port number 502 to connect.
4.  Configure the settings in the Gateway web address.
5.  Change the Alias name (Ph Sensor) and MODBUS Slave ID (110).
6.  Set the Slave ID, Start Address, and Number of Registers in Python Code.
	Slave ID			:	110
    First Register		:	49729
    Number of Registers	:	5
7.	The sensor will give Ph value.
8.  Measurement range:	0-14 pH
9.	Maintenance and Maintenance
        The normal service life of the electrode is one year, which will be shortened due to bad environment or improper maintenance.
        During measurement, it shall be cleaned in distilled water (or deionized water) first and drained with filter paper to prevent 
        impurities from being brought into the tested solution. 
        The electrode bulb and the liquid volume shall be completely immersed in the tested solution.
        When the electrode is not in use, clean it and insert it into a protective sleeve with 3.3m potassium chloride solution, 
        or insert the electrode into a container with 3.3m potassium chloride solution.
        There is dirt on the glass ball at the top of the electrode, which can be cleaned with 0.1n hydrochloric acid and then intruded 
        into the 3.3mkCL solution for internal activation. Do not touch it by hand. 
        To ensure the long-term accurate measurement, the electrode should be cleaned, maintained and calibrated regularly.
        The metal electrode will oxidize after being used for a period of time, and the electrode head will become black. 
        Fine sandpaper can be used to polish the electrode head and remove the oxidized part, so as to ensure the sensitivity of 
        the electrode measurement.
        Check whether the wiring terminal is dry. 
        If it is stained, wipe it with anhydrous alcohol and use it after blow-dry.
        Long-term immersion in distilled water or protein solution should be avoided, and contact with silicone grease should be avoided.
        If the electrode is used for a long time, its glass film may become translucent or with sediment.
        At this time, hydrochloric acid can be used for washing and water flushing.
        It is recommended that users clean the electrode regularly and coordinate with the instrument calibration.
        When you use the above methods to maintain and maintain the electrode, the calibration procedure and normal measurement still 
        cannot be carried out, indicating that the electrode can no longer recover the response, please replace the electrode.
	
	
