STP Sensors
    The STP sensors will be powered by a 12V DC power supply with a maximum current rating.
    The length of the power line must match the length of the transmitter and receiver wires.
    Because the sensors must be submerged in water, they must be waterproof.
    Sensors must be dipped in the plant's minimal direct distance.
    Only the RS485 protocol can communicate at a maximum depth of 1000 metres in the sewage plant.    
    
RS485 To Ethernet Modbus Gateway
    The RS485 To Ethernet Modbus Gateway will be powered by a 12V DC power supply.
    Within 1000 metres of the sensors, the gateway must be installed.
    The gateway's output is an ethernet port.
    The maximum distance that an ethernet wire may be used for communication is 100 metres.
    The server must be located within 100 metres of the gateway.
    GSM module is used to communicate between the gateway and the server if the server is located outside the 100m range.
    When utilising the GSM module, the network in the region must have complete coverage.
    A microcontroller will be used to transfer data over the GSM module.
    GSM is powered by a 12V DC source.
    Because the present box has corroded, a new covering with an IP65 box is required.
    The commands used to communicate between the gateway and the sensors.
    The instruction to activate the port must be sent by the server.
    After activating the port, the server must send a command to the sensors using the RS485 protocol.
    The sensors will deliver the input readings in response to the orders that are sent to the server via the gateway.
        
Water Level Sensor
    The Water Level Sensor will be powered by a 12V DC power supply.
    To compute the height, three water sources are used. Overhead tank, natural well, and little dam
    A 12V DC power supply must be located near the water sources.
    The maximum coverage distance for wired water level sensors is 5 metres.
    The maximum coverage distance of an ultrasonic water level sensor is 30 metres.
    The plant must be immersed in sensors.
    The water level sensor's output is RS485.
    Within 1000 metres of the gateway, the sensor must be installed.
    
Flow Meter Sensor
    The Flow Meter Sensor's power source. (12 volts DC power supply)
    In an overhead tank, a flow metre is used to determine the overall volume of water consumed.
    A flow metre is used in the kitchen, bathroom, and toilet to determine how much water is consumed.
    A flow metre is used in the intake and output pipes of a wastewater treatment facility to determine the volume of treated water and its utilisation.
    A power supply is required for each flow metre sensor.
    The flow meter's diameter is determined by the pipe's diameter.
    The water level sensor's output is RS485. Within 1000 metres of the gateway, the sensor must be installed.
  
Energymeter
    The power supply is 230 volts ac.
    RS485 serial output or USB output
    Within 1000 metres of the gateway, the metre must be installed.

You don't need to know the precise depth of the water source.
Install a wired water level sensor to solve the problem.

Problems Facing
...............
It is necessary to calculate the volume of the water source (Mini dam and well).
It will be difficult to inspect the micro dam's bottom bed and well.
Sensors on flow metres are placed in the following locations (Diameter and number of pipes effect the sensor specifications).
Depending on where the flow metres are located, providing electricity to them will be tricky.
The diameter of the pipe will determine the size of the flow metres.
Sensors for water level are located in the following locations (Specially the terrain of the water source).
I'd want to examine the MKC's power backup.


Other Inputs:
-------------
Will it display the remaining water level (in litres) from all three sources, or will there be a warning when the water level is too low? Is there a warning signal?
What happens if the flow sensor is destroyed by high water pressure on the flow?
Is there a warning if the sensor is damaged?
Assume, in any event, that the tank is low on water or empty. Is it possible for the sensor to transmit a distress signal to the metre?

From the client side
--------------------
Is it necessary for the sensors to assess the water quality in the sewage treatment plant before and after treatment?
Check if we wish to test the water quality characteristics of water sources such as a well, a dam, or a pond.
In MKC, look for single phase or three phase.

The energymeter and the gateway communicate with each other.
Error handling in order to detect malfunctioning sensors.
Is it possible to make a Mqtt connection in the gateway?

 