First Stage Discussion
25/08/2021

Praveen

A Company in the Wastewater treatment domain has contacted us to provide a 
potential IoT solution to monitor the following parameters of the water.

1.	PH Sensor
2.	Turbidity Sensor
3.	TSS Sensor - Total Suspended Solids (Not Get)
4.	TDS Sensor - Total Dissolved Solids
5.	VS (Not Get)
6.	COD Sensor - Chemical Oxygen Demand (Not Get)
7.	BOD Sensor - Biochemical Oxygen Demand (Not Get)
8.	Coliform Sensor (Not Get)
9.	Flow Meter
10.	Water Level Sensor
11.	Temperature Sensor
12.	Humidity Sensor
13.	Rainfall Sensor
14.	RS-485 Hub


As the first step, can we identify the sensors (industrial grade) and other 
setup required for this solution.

Ramesh

Need more clarification from client side for the selection of proper standard 
sensors (industrial grade). 

1.	Size of the pipe:
		The size of the pipe depends on the selection of sensors as sensors 
		range from micro size to mega size.
2.	Operating Temperature:
		Each particular sensors have their own temperature range. So for the 
		selection of proper sensors we need to know the temperature range.
3.	Average Flow rate:
		Flow rate sensors have speed limits. Speed of the water determines 
		the flow rate.
4.	Pressure inside the pipe:
		Certain sensors have pressure range like temperature.	
5.	Network connectivity for IOT:
		Network connectivity depends on the location of the system.
		
As per the initial discussion we can give the technical feasability of various 
sensors. After further clarification only we can identify the exact sensors and 
the price range of the required sensors.

Meeting points with Nazeer:
	Markarz Knowledge City
	
Second Stage Discussion
27/08/2021

Praveen

Communicated these to Nazeer / Nishad : FYI (For Your Information)
1. Team needs to add more details to the Document as given below:
	a)	Sensor interface with Microcontrollers
	b)	Communication Capabilities - local communication between components such as Sensors
		to on-premise network components with respect to Distance, Depth, speed etc.
		(A high level diagram detailing these would be nice to have)
	c)	Search for more options, collect price, availability and after sales support details
	