Steps in embedded system for waste water management

1.		Selecting Microcontroller
2.		Power Resources Management
		a.		Interfacing smart meter interface with microcontroller serially
		b.		Collecting load capacity data from the sensor
		c.		Collecting allocated load for each tenant
		d.		Formatting the data from the meter
		e.		Communication with the server
3.		Water Resources Management
		a.		Digital Flow Meter Sensor
				a.		Interfacing Flow Meter Sensor interface with microcontroller serially
				b.		Collecting water capacity data from the sensor
				c.		Collecting allocated water capacity for each tenant
				d.		Formatting the data from the Flow Meter Sensor
				e.		Communication with the server
		b.		Water Level Sensor
				a.		Interfacing Water Level Sensor interface with microcontroller serially
				b.		Collecting water level data from the sensor
				c.		Collecting total water capacity in the source
				d.		Formatting the data from the Water Level Sensor
				e.		Communication with the server
		c.		Ph Sensor
				a.		Interfacing Ph Sensor interface with microcontroller serially
				b.		Collecting Ph level data from the sensor
				c.		Collecting Ph level of the water
				d.		Formatting the data from the Ph Sensor
				e.		Communication with the server
		d.		Turbidity Sensor
				a.		Interfacing Turbidity Sensor interface with microcontroller serially
				b.		Collecting Turbidity level data from the sensor
				c.		Collecting Turbidity level of the water
				d.		Formatting the data from the Turbidity Sensor
				e.		Communication with the server
		e.		TDS Sensor
				a.		Interfacing TDS Sensor interface with microcontroller serially
				b.		Collecting TDS level data from the sensor
				c.		Collecting TDS level of the water
				d.		Formatting the data from the TDS Sensor
				e.		Communication with the server
		f.		COD and BOD Sensor
				a.		Interfacing COD and BOD Sensor interface with microcontroller serially
				b.		Collecting COD and BOD level data from the sensor
				c.		Collecting COD and BOD level of the water
				d.		Formatting the data from the COD and BOD Sensor
				e.		Communication with the server
		
All these estimations are assumptions. There will be change in the estimated hours depending upon the 
format of the output of the sensors (endians).