Ph Sensor:
	The pH stands for hydrogen power, which is a measurement of the body's hydrogen ion concentration. 
	This is used in the testing of water quality and aquaculture. 
	The pH scale goes from 1 to 14, with 7 being considered neutral.
	Acidic solutions have a pH less than 7, whereas basic or alkaline solutions have a pH more than 7. 
	A single cylinder on the PH electrode permits direct connection to the input terminal of a pH metre, 
	controller, or any other pH device with a BNC input terminal.
	The pH electrode probe is precise and dependable, allowing for near-instantaneous measurements.
	
Turbidity Sensor:
	Turbidity sensors assess how much light is dispersed in water by suspended materials. 
	The turbidity level (and cloudiness or haziness) of water increases as the amount of total suspended solids (TSS) 
	in the water increases. 
	River and stream gauging, wastewater and effluent measurements, settling pond control instruments, sediment transport studies, 
	and laboratory measurements all employ turbidity sensors.
	
Total Suspended Solids:
	The total dissolved solids (TSS) is an essential water quality metric for wastewater treatment and environmental health. 
	Before being discharged into the environment, wastewater contains considerable amounts of suspended organic and inorganic particles 
	that must be removed via screening, filtering, or settling/flotation processes.
	
TDS Sensor:
	Water purifiers and filters, food (vegetables, fruits) and beverage quality monitoring, swimming pools, spas, aquariums, 
	and hydroponics are all possible applications for this item.
	

BOD/COD Sensor: 
	The bypass BOD/COD sensor from Real Tech allows for cost-effective real-time monitoring of organic matter in water or wastewater. 
	Using UV LEDs, the BOD/COD sensor has excellent measuring performance across many wavelengths of light. 
	The BL series is designed to fulfil the demands of a wide range of monitoring applications, with numerous sensor route length 
	options to match the needed measurement range.

	Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) is a test that determines how much oxygen is needed to chemically oxidise organic matter and 
	inorganic nutrients in water, such as ammonia and nitrate.

	BOD (Biochemical Oxygen Demand) Determination is a simple and accurate method for assessing the activity of microorganisms in 
	water samples. 
	The BOD calculates the change in gas pressure from the start to the finish of the analysis and gives a result in mg/l.
		
Coliforms:
	Coliforms (gram-negative bacteria) are rod-shaped gram-negative bacteria that are often employed as a sanitary water quality 
	indicator. 
	Coliforms are found throughout the environment, although they are most numerous in the gut and faeces of warm-blooded animals.
	
Flow Rate Sensor:
	A flow sensor (sometimes known as a "flow metre") is an electrical device that detects and controls the flow rate of liquids and 
	gases via pipes and tubes. 
	Flow sensors are often connected to gauges to display their readings, but they may also be linked to computers and digital interfaces.

Liquid Level Sensor
	Non-contact level detection of very viscous liquids and bulk solids is done with ultrasonic level sensors. 
	Pump control and open channel flow monitoring are very common in water treatment applications. 
	The changing speed of sound caused by moisture, temperature, and pressure has an impact on ultrasonic level sensors. 
	To get the optimum reaction to reflected sound, the transducer must be mounted properly. 
	The ultrasonic sensor is quite popular because of its potent combination of low cost and high performance.
